KBase migration - Datadog (#231)
timescale/docs: timescale-cloud/metrics-datadog.md

# Metrics and Datadog
Datadog is a popular cloud-based monitoring service. You can send metrics to
Datadog using a metrics collection agent for graphing, service dashboards,

> alerting, and logging. Managed Service for TimescaleDB (MST) can send data
> directly to Datadog for monitoring. Datadog integrations are provided free of
> charge on MST.
> 
> You need to create a Datadog API key, and use the key to enable metrics for your
> MST service.
> 
> <highlight type="note">
> We do not currently support Datadog logging on MST.
> </highlight>
> 
> ## Create and upload a Datadog API key
> You can create an API key in your Datadog account, and upload it to your MST
> account.
> 
> <highlight type="important">
> Before you begin, you need to have signed up to Datadog and to MST, and be able
> to log in to your Datadog and MST dashboards. You also need a running MST
> service.
> </highlight>
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
alerting, and logging. Timescale Cloud can send data
directly to Datadog for monitoring. Datadog integrations are provided free of
charge on Timescale Cloud.

You need to create a Datadog API key, and use the key to enable metrics for your
Timescale Cloud service.

<highlight type="note">
We do not currently support Datadog logging on Timescale Cloud.
</highlight>

## Create and upload a Datadog API key
You can create an API key in your Datadog account, and upload it to your Timescale Cloud
account.

<highlight type="important">
Before you begin, you need to have signed up for both Datadog and Timescale Cloud, and be able
to log in to your Datadog and Timescale Cloud dashboards. You also need a running Timescale Cloud
service.
</highlight>

```

### Procedure: Creating a Datadog API key
1.  Log in to your [Datadog dashboard][datadog-login] and navigate to
    `Integrations → APIs`. Click `API Keys`.
1.  In the `New API key` field, type a name for your new key. For example,
    `TimescaleDB`. Click `Create API Key`.
    <img class="main-content__illustration" src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/docs/images/datadog-createapi.png" alt="Create a new Datadog API key"/>
1.  Hover your mouse over the purple bar in the `Key` field to see the key, and
    copy it to use later.

### Procedure: Uploading a Datadog API key to MST

> 1.  [Log in to your MST account][mst-login]. By default, you start in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  [Log in to your Timescale Cloud][mst-login]. By default, you start in the
```

    `Services` view, showing any services you currently have in your project.
1.  Check that you are in the project that you want to connect to Datadog,
    and click `Service Integrations`.
1.  In the `Datadog` section, click `Add endpoint`, and complete these details:
    *   In the `Endpoint integration` section, give your endpoint a name, and
        paste the API key from your Datadog dashboard. Ensure you choose the
        site location that matches where your Datadog service is hosted.
    *   _Optional_: In the `Endpoint tags` section, you can add custom tags
        to help you manage your integrations.
1.  Click `Add endpoint` to save the integration.
    <img class="main-content__illustration" src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/docs/images/add-datadog-integration.png" alt="Add Datadog endpoint"/>

## Activate Datadog integration for a service
When you have successfully added the endpoint, you can set up one of your services to send data to Datadog.

### Procedure: Activating Datadog integration for a service

> 1.  In the MST `Services` view, click the name of the service that you want to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  In the Timescale Cloud `Services` view, click the name of the service that you want to
```
